{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green239\blue239;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c94902\c94902\c94902;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I strongly encourage students to come to class on their F2F meeting day. The classroom is large enough to accommodate half of the students in the class with safe social distancing. During these sessions you will be working with me and other students on case studies that will reinforce concepts from that week\'92s module. While I will not be taking attendance, students will find that these sessions are important to their learning and success in my class 
\fs24 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat5 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth15640\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 What if I am sick and can\'92t make my F2F meeting day? 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 These activities are designed for in-person instruction and the sessions won\'92t be available on Zoom. However, I recognize that absences are sometimes inevitable. After the F2F sessions, I will be posting a 
\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat5 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth15640\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \'93post-class review worksheet\'94 that will cover the major concepts and activities we went over in the F2F session. And, of course, you are always welcome to contact me about any questions you have about these activities. The 20% drop of F2F learning activity points is to accommodate any potential absences due to illness, emergencies, or other circumstances. 
\fs24 \cell \lastrow\row
}