{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Attendance is required for this class
\f1\b0 \ulnone .\'a0Missing even one class means that you have missed a significant portion of the course.\'a0DO NOT schedule any other appointments or activities during your scheduled lab sessions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Missing labs with a valid excuse: 
\f1\b0 A \'d2valid\'d3 excuse is one that is written, verifiable, and covers the date and time of your scheduled lab class. Oversleeping and job conflicts do not constitute acceptable excuses. Missing a lab with a valid excuse allows you to make-up the lab \ul provided\ulnone  that you contact your lab instructor within 
\f0\b 48 hours
\f1\b0  of the absence. If you know in 
\f0\b advance
\f1\b0  that you will miss a lab with a valid excuse, contact your GLA 
\f0\b before
\f1\b0  the lab for possible reassignment to another lab period. Do not simply attend a different section. Doing so without prior approval by your GLA will be marked as an unexcused absence. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Make-up assignments are due within a time limit agreed to between you and your GLA and may include any or all of the following: evidence that you have consulted with your team members regarding missed work and data, completing the lab with a different section, submitting assignments associated with the missed lab, making up a lab assessment, and/or by completing an alternate assignment designated by the GLA or course instructor.  Students who fail to complete the make-up work within the allocated time will not receive credit for the lab exercise. 
\f2\i You are responsible for all material and data presented and gathered in lab. 
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Missing labs without a valid excuse: 
\f1\b0 If you do not have a valid excuse for missing a lab, you will not be allowed to make up any work and will automatically receive a 
\f0\b minimum
\f1\b0  of 20-point deduction from your total lab points (even if the lab is \'d2worth\'d3 less than 20 points). If a lab is worth more than 20 points for that day, you will lose the total number of points for that day\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Tardiness and leaving lab early without permission
\f1\b0  are not tolerated in lab. If you arrive to lab more than 15 minutes late or leave early without permission you will be marked as absent without a valid excuse and will receive a minimum deduction of 20 points from your total lab points for that day. If you arrive late, work due that day will be accepted and you will be able to stay and complete the lab for the day. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Assignments are due on the days indicated on the syllabus or by your instructor. Each day that an assignment is late, you will lose 20% of the assignment's total points.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Students who miss 
\f0\b \ul THREE
\f1\b0 \ulnone  or more labs at any point during the semester, 
\f0\b even with valid excuses
\f1\b0 , will not be given credit (i.e., will receive 0 points) for the 1107 Lab. If a student has missed three or more labs due to extenuating circumstances and wishes to avoid a failing grade, s/he should request an Incomplete from her/his 
\f0\b lecture
\f1\b0  instructor.\'a0 
\f0\b \ul Note:
\f1\b0 \ulnone  even if you make up the lab in another lab section with GLA approval, this will be recorded as an excused absence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
}