{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Students who miss \ul four\ulnone  labs at any point in the semester, any combination of excused or unexcused absences, will receive an F in the course.*
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Attendance is required for this class.\'a0Missing even one class means that you have missed a significant portion of the course.\'a0
\f0\b DO NOT schedule any other appointments or activities during the time that you are scheduled to be in lab.
\f1\b0\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 Missing labs with a valid excuse: 
\f1\b0 A \'93valid\'94 excuse is one that is written, verifiable, and covers the date and time of your scheduled lab class. Oversleeping and job conflicts do not constitute acceptable excuses. Missing a lab with a valid excuse allows you to make-up the lab provided that you contact your lab instructor within 
\f0\b 48 hours
\f1\b0  of the absence. If you know in 
\f0\b advance
\f1\b0  that you will miss a lab with a valid excuse, contact your GLA 
\f0\b before
\f1\b0  the lab for reassignment to another lab period. Make-up assignments are due within one week of the missed lab and may include any or all of the following: completing the lab with a different section; submitting all homework, quizzes, or any other assignment associated with the missed lab; or completing an alternate assignment designated by the GLA or course instructor. Students who fail to complete the make-up work within one week will not receive credit for the lab exercise. 
\f2\i\b You are responsible for all material and data presented and gathered in lab.
\f1\i0\b0  Please note that any missed lab for a valid excuse will still be marked as an excused absence, even if you make up the lab in another lab section.
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 Missing labs without a valid excuse: 
\f1\b0 For each lab that is missed without a valid excuse, students will automatically receive a 
\f0\b minimum
\f1\b0  of a 21-point deduction from the lab point total, even if a lab is \'93worth\'94 fewer points. If a lab is worth more than 21 points, then the full point total for that day will be deducted (this includes the standard 21-point deduction). 
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 Tardiness and leaving lab early without permission
\f1\b0  are not tolerated in lab.\'a0 Attendance will be taken at the beginning and the end of each lab. If you arrive for lab more than 10 minutes late you will be marked as absent with a valid excuse; you will be allowed to stay and complete the lab for that day and turn in work due that day. You may leave the lab early only with your instructor's permission. If you leave early without permission, you will be marked as absent without a valid excuse for that class even if you have completed all work for that day and will receive the standard 21-point deduction for a lab missed without a valid excuse.
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \
}