{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Characterize cell architecture of bacterial, archaeal and eukaryotic cells. \uc0\u8232 \
Define the essential elements of bacterial nutrition and growth. \uc0\u8232 \
Comprehend the structure, organization, and replication of microbial genomes and their \uc0\u8232 evolution. \u8232 \
Understand how cellular processes and functions in prokaryotes are controlled. \uc0\u8232 \
Appreciate the diversity of viruses that use the components and resources of bacterial and \uc0\u8232 eukaryotic cells to persist and produce new virions. \u8232 \
Understand the fundamentals of intermediary metabolism, carbon and energy acquisition, \uc0\u8232 electron flow, and coordination of catabolic and anabolic pathways. \u8232 \
Recognize how microbial activities and the study of microorganisms impact global economies. \uc0\u8232 \
Appreciate the diversity of microorganisms and their essential roles in different environments. \uc0\u8232 \
Understand host-microbe interactions in disease and health. \uc0\u8232 \
Comprehend the innate and adaptive defenses against microbial infections and vaccine \uc0\u8232 design. \u8232 \
Define the mechanisms for antimicrobial activities and the spread of antimicrobial resistance. \uc0\u8232 \
}