{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue135;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red15\green0\blue142;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c60000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c7451\c7451\c62745;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Grades in the course will be determined mostly using scores from individual exams, but students will have a chance to improve their scores using group tests and posting notes, by preparing for class through reading reading assignments and answering online assessment questions, and by attending class and answering clicker questions. The group grade will be multiplied by the average group contribution score determined by the other members of your group. The instructor reserves the right to overrule the peer evaluation score if it appears that there will be a miscarriage of justice.
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 I encourage students to approach me during the semester with concerns and problems with their grade in the course. If you are doing poorly on the lecture exams you need to stop by and talk to me as soon as possible after you get your exam back. I have 2 office hours a week, when we can sit down and figure out a better strategy for your studying. Many students put this off until late in the semester when it is difficult to turn things around. There is also free tutoring available on campus provided by the division of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.uga.edu/dae/services/tutoring/tutoring_index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 academic enhancement\'a0}}in Milledge\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 \'a0Hall.\
Once final exams have been graded, I can not change your grade except for clerical errors. You may feel that you are right at the border of a higher grade, but I cannot with fairness add points to your score and not everyone else. Changing your grade simply because you need a higher score is in violation of the "Culture of Honesty" quidelines of the University. A few extra credit opportunities will be available throughout the semester that can help you improve your overall average. However, the best way to improve your grade is to make sure that you complete all assignments in a timely and conscientiuous manner.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 The grade of incomplete is given to students who for reason of document illness or other emergency were unable to complete a significant portion of of the course. Grades of incomplete are not given simply to avoid a failing grade.\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 \
If you disagree with the grading of a test question, you may challenge this question in writing via webCT email. In your message you must explain why your answer for a question(s) should be considered correct.\
We cannot score scantron forms that are incorrectly filled out (missing ID#, etc). If you are missing a test grade, it is\'a0
\f1\b \cb3 \ul \strokec4 YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
\f0\b0 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec4 \'a0to go to the Biology Office and correct the problem ASAP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 Test scores will be posted on webCT.\'a0 Check your grades as soon as possible.\'a0
\f1\b You have one week following the exam to challenge the accuracy of your grade
\f0\b0 .}