{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assignments are due in class on the days indicated on your syllabus or by your instructor. Each day that an assignment is late, you will lose 10% of the assignment's total point value. 
\f1\b Exception: for all pre-lab assignments, work not completed by the stated due date will not be given any credit.
\f0\b0\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Students who have missed four or more labs due to extenuating circumstances with valid documentation and wish to avoid a failing grade should withdraw from the course or request an Incomplete. After the midpoint in the semester, permission to withdraw must be obtained from Linda Edge (542-3564) in the Office of the Vice President for Student Affairs.\'a0Grade appeal options can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.franklin.uga.edu/students/student_appeal_guidelines.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://www.franklin.uga.edu/students/student_appeal_guidelines.php}}
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f1\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 There will be no extra credit or bonus points given.
\f0\b0 \'a0 Historically, students who attend their lab classes, prepare for lab on a weekly basis, and turn in all of their written work on time, earn good grades for their efforts.
\fs32 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 You should keep a record of all your lab grades and save your graded papers until the end of the semester. 
\f1\b ANY COMPLAINT ABOUT A GRADE MUST BE BROUGHT TO YOUR GLA\'92s ATTENTION, IN WRITTEN FORM WITH A THOROUGH EXPLANATION AS TO WHY YOU DISAGREE WITH THE GRADE, WITHIN ONE WEEK OF THE GRADE BEING POSTED.\'a0 
\f0\b0 Under no circumstance will a grade be changed after the last day of classes.
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The grade of Incomplete (I) is given to students who for reason of accident or illness who were unable to complete a segment of the course. \ul In no case\ulnone  will an Incomplete be given as a means of avoiding a failing grade.
\fs32 \
}