{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There will be NO make-ups for missed quizzes or assessments.\'a0 Documented emergencies (from hospitals, courts, funeral homes \'85etc.) will be forwarded to the Students\'92 Dean Office for inspection and verification.\'a0 In case your documented emergency is verified and approved by the Dean\'92s office, your Final Quiz grade will replace the \'930\'94 received as a score for the missed quiz.\'a0 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2  There will be NO extra credit assignments.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 Your grades are posted on our web page and updated as soon as they are scored. 
\f2\b NOTE: 
\f1\b0 If there is an error with a lab score, contact your TA. If you would like to review a graded lecture quiz, email me and we\'92ll arrange for an office visit.
\f0\fs32 \
\

\f1\fs24 Your grade in this course is determined by your performance on class tests and assignments. There is no curve.
\f0\fs32 \

\f1\fs24 Standard cutoffs are used to assign grades. The grade of an Incomplete is assigned only with the recommendation of the Office of Student Affairs. Any student convicted of academic dishonesty will receive a grade of \'93F\'94.\'a0 
\f3\i\b You must pass both the laboratory and lecture portions of the course in order to pass the course. 
\f4\b0 Those that
\f1\i0  
\f4\i do not, will receive a failing grade regardless of their total course average.
\f1\i0  }