{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red193\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c75686\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 All assignments will be submitted electronically by 9 pm EST on the designated due\
date to eLC dropboxes. Assignment submission should be as a word document\
(.docx) unless otherwise specified. Documents submitted in any other format will\
not be graded. It is the student\'92s responsibility to review assignment submissions\
for accuracy and format. Submission documents that show up blank or corrupted\
will receive a grade of zero. Assignments can be resubmitted if this occurs but will\
be subject to the late work policy.\
\'95 Late assignments will have a 50% deduction of the assignment's total point value.\
Assignments will not be accepted for credit after 5 days past the due date. This applies\
to submission errors of documents originally submitted on time as well so be sure to\
check your assignment submissions carefully. If there are extenuating circumstances\
interfering with your completion of academic work please contact your GLA or the Lab\
Coordinator for assistance. The success of our students is a priority and we want to offer\
our students any available resources to assist with that.\
\
Any complaint about a grade must be brought to your GLA\'92s attention,\
in written form with a thorough explanation as to why you disagree\
with the grade, within one week of the grade being posted. Under no\
circumstance will an assignment grade be changed after the last day\
of classes.\
\cf2 \
}