{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In some instances you may feel that your total points do not accurately reflect your actual level of achievement in the course.\'a0 This is especially true for people within a few points of the next highest grade.\'a0 Unfortunately, there is no reasonable way to award higher grades to some borderline cases and not to others and still consider the grading system fair to all.\'a0 In an effort to take into account all special cases whether or not they are "borderline", 
\f1\b the comprehensive final exam may be reviewed as a separate item. 
\f0\b0 \'a0The final exam will be counted in two ways.\'a0 First, you will be assigned a letter grade based on the 
\f1\b total number
\f0\b0  of points - including the points from the final - out of 600.\'a0 Then, your final exam score will also be given a letter grade.\'a0 If the letter grade on the final exam is higher than the letter grade assigned from total points, you will be awarded the higher grade. You can raise your grade in the course as much as 
\f1\b one letter grade
\f0\b0 . 
\f1\b However, in order to raise your grade through the final exam, you must have taken all of the exams in the course and can not have more than two unexcused absences from lecture. 
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The grade of incomplete is given to students who for reason of illness or accident were unable to complete a segment of the course.\'a0 Only that segment that was missed will be made up to remove the incomplete.\'a0 In no case will the grade of incomplete be given as a means to avoid a failing grade.\
}