{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs23 \cf0 You will have up to 
\f1\b five 
\f0\b0 working days after an exam is returned to submit a detailed, written re-grade request. Such re-grade requests should be emailed to both Dr. Farmer and Dr. Trapnell. The deadline on requesting a re-grade request is intended to avoid requests being made at the last minute late in the semester. If you feel that you were unfairly graded then you should raise the issue with us soon after getting your exam back. Re-grade requests made later 
\f1\b five 
\f0\b0 working days after exams are returned will not be considered. Keep in mind that re-grading could potentially lead to a lower rather than a higher final grade so be quite certain before you make this request. For questions about scantron issues or to see a copy of your exam please contact Ms. Mikiesha Hill, 403B Biol. Sci. Bldg.; \cf2 mikiesha@uga.edu\cf0 ; 542-1684. You will be required to give Ms. Hill your UGA ID to retain while you look over your exam and you will be required to review your exam in her office. You are NOT permitted to make a Xerox copy. Upon returning the exam to Ms. Hill you will be given your ID back. If you fail to return the exam to Ms. Hill you will be penalized for all of the points for that exam. 
\f1\b Exams will NOT be available for the 24 hours immediately preceding the final exam, so plan accordingly. \
Late assignments will receive a zero. }