{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Students who have missed four or more labs due to extenuating circumstances with valid documentation and wish to avoid a failing grade should withdraw from the course or request an Incomplete. After the midpoint in the semester, permission to withdraw must be obtained from Linda Edge (542-3564) in the Office of the Vice President for Student Affairs.\'a0 
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 There will be no extra credit or bonus points given.\'a0 Historically, students who attend their lab classes, prepare for lab on a weekly basis, and turn in all of their written work on time, earn good grades for their efforts.
\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 You should keep a record of all your lab grades and save your graded papers until the end of the semester. 
\f1\b ANY COMPLAINT ABOUT A GRADE MUST BE BROUGHT TO YOUR GLA\'92s ATTENTION, IN WRITTEN FORM WITH A THOROUGH EXPLANATION AS TO WHY YOU DISAGREE WITH THE GRADE, WITHIN ONE WEEK OF THE GRADE BEING POSTED.\'a0 
\f0\b0 Under no circumstance will a grade be changed after the last day of classes.
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\b\fs26\fsmilli13333  
\f0\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The grade of Incomplete (I) is given to students who for reason of accident or illness who were unable to complete a segment of the course. \ul In no case\ulnone  will an Incomplete be given as a means of avoiding a failing grade.
\fs32 \
}