{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa53\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Regrade request submission policy: 
\f1\b0 Students have the opportunity to submit regrade requests for assignments or exams if they feel that they deserve more credit than they received. All requests must be submitted in written form including an explanation for why they should be awarded more points. Regrade requests must also be submitted within one week after grades for a particular assignment have been posted on eLC. Requests that do not meet these criteria will not be considered. If you are missing a grade for an assignment you have submitted, please contact the concerned instructor or the Teaching Assistant (TA) within a week after grades for that assignment have been posted on eLC. Inquiries for missing grades beyond this time point will be ignored. All assignments submitted past a due date will be considered late.
\f2 \

\f1 \'a0
\f2 \

\f1 Once final exams have been graded, there is no way that we can change your grade unless there has been some clerical error. You may feel that you are just a point or two away from earning a higher grade, but we cannot with fairness add points to your score without affecting the grades of everyone else in the class. That is why we give you opportunities to earn points by completing extra credit assignments throughout the semester. Take advantage of these opportunities. Changing your grade simply because you need a higher score is in violation of the Culture of Honesty guidelines of the University. If you have a general question from withdrawals versus dropped classes, to final exam conflicts and missed classes for illness, to the Hope scholarship you can visit the Student Affairs Website and view the FAQ page: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://studentaffairs.uga.edu/students.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://studentaffairs.uga.edu/students.htm}}.
\f2 \

\f1 \'a0
\f2 \
}